Update Jupyter notebook tutorial instructions for ARM devices (#14459)
apache/druid: docs/tutorials/tutorial-jupyter-docker.md

* [Jupyter only](#start-only-the-jupyter-container)
* [Jupyter and Druid](#start-jupyter-and-druid)
* [Jupyter, Druid, and Kafka](#start-jupyter-druid-and-kafka)
* [Kafka and Jupyter](#start-kafka-and-jupyter)

## Prerequisites

Jupyter in Docker requires that you have **Docker** and **Docker Compose**.
We recommend installing these through [Docker Desktop](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/).

> For ARM-based devices, see [Tutorial setup for ARM-based devices](#tutorial-setup-for-arm-based-devices) for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For ARM-based devices, see [Tutorial setup for ARM-based devices](#tutorial-setup-for-arm-based-devices).
```

> For ARM-based devices, consult the section [Tutorial setup for ARM-based devices](#tutorial-setup-for-arm-based-devices) for instructions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For ARM-based devices, see [Tutorial setup for ARM-based devices](#tutorial-setup-for-arm-based-devices) for instructions.
```

The Docker Compose file assigns `8889` for the Jupyter port.
You can override the port number by setting the `JUPYTER_PORT` environment variable before starting the Docker application.

> If Druid is running local to the same machine as Jupyter, before starting a tutorial, set the `host` variable to `host.docker.internal` within the notebook.

Reviewer: Maybe add example?
`````suggestion
If Druid is running local to the same machine as Jupyter, before starting a tutorial, set the `host` variable to `host.docker.internal` within the notebook. For example:
```
host = "host.docker.internal"
```
`````

DRUID_VERSION={{DRUIDVERSION}} docker compose --profile all-services up -d
```

> ### Start Kafka and Jupyter

Reviewer 3: Would someone need or want to do this if they weren't on ARM? We should probably add some more context on what and how to use this.

IE this starts Jupyter and Kafka only with the expectation that they have an external Druid to use, either a cluster they've set up in the past or they want to run the quickstart Druid externally for whatever reason. And they'll need to update the host variable

DRUID_VERSION={{DRUIDVERSION}} docker compose --profile all-services up -d
```

### Start Kafka and Jupyter

> If you already have Druid running externally, such as an existing cluster or a dedicated infrastructure for Druid, you can run only Kafka and Jupyter in the Docker Compose environment to complete the tutorials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have Druid running externally, such as an existing cluster or a dedicated infrastructure for Druid, you can run the Docker containers for Kafka and Jupyter only.
```

DRUID_VERSION={{DRUIDVERSION}} docker compose --profile all-services up -d
```

### Start Kafka and Jupyter

If you already have Druid running externally, such as an existing cluster or a dedicated infrastructure for Druid, you can run the Docker containers for Kafka and Jupyter only.

In the same directory as `docker-compose.yaml` and `environment`, start the application:

```bash
DRUID_VERSION={{DRUIDVERSION}} docker compose --profile kafka-jupyter up -d
```

> Please note that if you have an external Druid instance running on a different machine than the one hosting the Docker Compose environment, you will need to change the `host` variable in the notebook tutorial to the hostname or address of the machine where Druid is running. This will establish a connection with the external Druid cluster. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have an external Druid instance running on a different machine than the one hosting the Docker Compose environment, change the `host` variable in the notebook tutorial to the hostname or address of the machine where Druid is running.
```
avoid "please" :D ; avoid future tense; last sentence is not necessary

You should now be able to access and complete the tutorials.

## Tutorial setup for ARM-based devices

> 1. Start Druid. You can use the [Quickstart (local)](./index.md) instance. The tutorials

Reviewer 3: Markdown parsers can get weird if you don't have an empty line between different elements like a heading and a paragraph or list

> 1. Start Druid. You can use the [Quickstart (local)](./index.md) instance. The tutorials

Reviewer 2: Introduce the procedure. Perhaps:

For ARM-based devices, run Druid outside of the Docker Compose environment as follows:

> 1. Start Druid. You can use the [Quickstart (local)](./index.md) instance. The tutorials

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Start Druid using the `start-druid` script. You can follow the [Quickstart (local)](./index.md) instructions. The tutorials
```

   assume that you are using the quickstart, so no authentication or authorization
   is expected unless explicitly mentioned.

> 2. Start Kafka and Jupyter using the command from [Start Kafka and Jupyter](#start-kafka-and-jupyter).

Reviewer 3: Since it's just one line, I suggest Including the command here instead of making the reader bounce around

> 2. Start Kafka and Jupyter using the command from [Start Kafka and Jupyter](#start-kafka-and-jupyter).

Reviewer 2: You can use Jupyter only or Kafka and Jupyter.

> 3. Before starting a tutorial, open the notebook and edit the `host` variable to `"host.docker.internal"`.

Reviewer 2: We'll need to update the notebooks to use the host variable. Not necessary in this PR. However, this instruction applies to the ###Start only the Jupyter container section.  Can you add it there, too?

You should now be able to access and complete the tutorials.

## Tutorial setup for ARM-based devices

For ARM-based devices, follow this setup to start Druid externally, while keeping Kafka and Jupyter within the Docker Compose environment:

1. Start Druid using the `start-druid` script. You can follow [Quickstart (local)](./index.md) instructions. The tutorials
   assume that you are using the quickstart, so no authentication or authorization is expected unless explicitly mentioned.

> 2. Start either Kafka and Jupyter or only Jupyter using the following commands in the same directory as `docker-compose.yaml` and `environment`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Start either Jupyter only or Jupyter and Kakfa using the following commands in the same directory as `docker-compose.yaml` and `environment`:
```
Jupyter only is a more frequent use case

>    ```bash
>    # Start Kafka and Jupyter
>    DRUID_VERSION={{DRUIDVERSION}} docker compose --profile kafka-jupyter up -d
> 
>    # Start only Jupyter
>    docker compose --profile jupyter up -d
>    ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   ```bash
   # Start only Jupyter
   docker compose --profile jupyter up -d
   
   # Start Kafka and Jupyter
   DRUID_VERSION={{DRUIDVERSION}} docker compose --profile kafka-jupyter up -d

   ```
```
